All right let's now start with creating a b c so I'm going to type in a little method to create a real
PC within that method.
I'm going to simply call the client and from there I'm going to call create the PC Methot.
And as you can see this method is expecting a couple of things but the most important thing that it
needs is the cider block for the BPC.
So for the cyder block I'm going to pro-white the block as then that zero dot zero dot slash and then
I'm going to provide 16.
So this is going to be our side of the block.
So we're going to have a wide range of IPs available to our subnet and there so resources like easy
tools and everything else.
So I'm going to provide the side of a block like this and I don't have to provide any sort of thing
to my PPC creation method.
And of course let's just put in a simple print statement indicating that we're creating a PC.
Here we go.
Our create PPC method is ready now.
For our general testing and implementation purposes I'm going to create a new python file and from that
point on file We're going to be testing things out and you can of course turn things out.
So let's go to our source directory and create a new python file.
So I'm going to name this class as test deployment.
And within that class we're going to import a couple of things.
The first thing that we have to import is of course our PC class and the other thing is to include our
easy to Colline so that we can make use of our PPC.
So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to import from source that you see to what we see and of course
the BPC class itself.
And also I'm going to get the easy to client from Sir's dot client locator and easy to client just like
that and right below that I'm going to type in a main Methot
not this main course but my own main method.
So I can the first things out anywhere I want.
So the first thing that we have to test out is of course our BPC creation.
So let's just type in a little comment right here.
And after that the first thing that we have to do is get the client so that we can pass it into the
PC class.
So I'm going to do as easy to client and get the pc to client and get client just like that.
And then the most important part is getting the PC class.
So I'll say we PC equals the PC and I'm going to pass in the client.
And as you can see with the method signature right here it is expecting a client.
So I'm going to pass in the easy to client to the PC class.
So everybody is going to be happy just like that.
So our PC is ready to be interacted with.
So what I'm going to do now is I'm going to call the Create Ribisi method.
I'm going to hold the response in a PC response object and I'm going to call BPC and create the PC just
like that.
And of course I want to print out the response from AWOS BPC create it just like that and of course
I have to string of Y.D. response because it's a dictionary object in our print statement is not going
to be able to handle that.
So I'll say the PC response.
And here we go.
So what we're going to do next is to have a main method to call this main method.
So I'm simply going to call the main method just like that.
Let's put a line break down here and we're ready to test out our main method.
We PC creation actually.
So I'm going to go right here.
And so if Fernandez and here we go our PC is created and we received response as a BPC data with the
cyder block that we chose and the default options for DHP and the state is ASP pending.
So to check out our CPC our newly created BPC Let's go to AWOS Konsole from AWOS consol.
Let's go to the PC section.
And of course this is the Ohio region the PC that we created was in use central one as you can remember
from our client locator class.
So let's go to Frankfurt.
Are you central one region and check out our CPC.
All right.
And as you can see we have two PCs one with the default Amazon PC and the PC that we just created.
As you can see here with the cyder block that we create it.
So the next steps for this section is to create subnets and Internet gateways attached together and
connect them together.
But as you can see when we create a PC or any AWOS resource with the both code with the Python code
we have to go and check.
And this is a very tedious task since we want a daisy chain.
All these tasks like when I want to continue about creating new VPC adding a task to that PC adding
subnets and launching instances to that BPC.
Whenever I run my methods I will have to go to a W-S console and need to remove everything that I created.
Right.
And this is super tedious.
I don't want to do that.
So from now on we're going to start writing our code against the both of the API and we're going to
by the end of the lectures we're going to run our application and have our three PCs subnets and internet
gateway the easy two instances all them automatically created one by line.
When we finished all of our application.
So this is a way that I prefer because otherwise we would have to go to AWOS console each time we run
our application and have to delete all the resources that we created.
All right after giving you this information let's move on to next lecture and create an internet gateway.